# [Workspaces](workspaces.md)

## Eolyse

### Introduction to Eolyse

Eolyse is a dedicated workspace within CloudB aimed at assessing the noise impact generated by wind farms. This workspace serves as a comprehensive toolbox that offers a range of applications designed to understand and optimize the balance between electrical production and regulatory compliance concerning noise levels.

#### Key Features:

- **Application Range**: From visualizing noise contours on maps to performing sensitivity analysis, Eolyse provides a multitude of applications to cover various aspects of wind farm noise impacts.

- **Advanced Data Visualization**: Eolyse offers a groundbreaking approach to data analysis by utilizing advanced data visualization techniques and dynamic figures, allowing for a more nuanced understanding of complex acoustic data.

- **Wind Turbine Library**: Eolyse boasts a comprehensive database of wind turbine specifications from some of the most renowned manufacturers in Europe, aiding engineers in making informed decisions.

- **Project-Based Organization**: Users can create projects within Eolyse, under which multiple simulations can be performed. Each simulation can then be utilized to carry out a specific type of calculation, which is provided by one of the available applications.

- **Proprietary and Open Models**: Eolyse currently operates on Acventum, a proprietary noise propagation model developed by Delhom Acoustique. The future roadmap includes integration with other industry-standard models like Harmonoise and ISO9613 for educational purposes.

- **Data Export**: All calculations made within Eolyse can be easily exported in CSV or Excel formats for further analysis and sharing.

Eolyse aims to be the go-to workspace for engineers looking to delve deep into the intricacies of noise impact due to wind farms, providing both advanced tools and user-friendly interfaces.


### Starting with Eolyse

Starting your journey with Eolyse is straightforward, but there are several key points to keep in mind to make the most of this specialized workspace.

#### Access to Eolyse

If you find that you're unable to access the Eolyse workspace, it may be due to restricted access permissions. Please reach out to an administrator to request access. Access to workspaces like Eolyse is not automatically granted upon account creation.

#### Navigating the Workspace

1. **Eolyse Projects**: Upon entering the Eolyse workspace, you'll find a section labeled "Eolyse Projects." Click this to access your list of projects or to create a new one.
   
2. **Wind Turbine Library**: You can also directly access the "Wind Turbine Library" from the workspace homepage.

#### Project Management

1. **Searching for Projects**: Use the top search bar on the projects page to find projects by their names.

2. **Accessing Projects**: Simply click the name in table of the project to access its details, simulations, and other related information.

3. **Deleting Projects**: Each project can be deleted using the trash icon in the project row. ⚠️ **Warning**: Deleting a project is irreversible and will result in the loss of all related data, including point modeling, inputs, and calculation results.

4. **Creating Projects**: To create a new project, click the "+" icon located at the top right of the project page. This action will open a pop-up form for you to name your new project.  Project names should not include special characters. Any such characters will automatically be replaced with UTF-8 compliant characters.

5. **Post-Creation**: Once a new project is created, you will be directed to the project's dedicated page to begin your work.

Starting with Eolyse should now be easier. The workspace is designed to offer you all the tools you'll need to manage your projects related to wind farm noise analysis efficiently.

### Wind Turbine Library

The Wind Turbine Library is a rich repository of detailed information regarding wind turbines, specifically focusing on their electrical power production and acoustic power levels. This library has been painstakingly built by Delhom Acoustique, collating and organizing data from various manufacturers into a comprehensive, standardized database.

#### Accessing the Library

- **Internal Users**: Full access to the Wind Turbine Library is provided to internal users.
  
- **External Clients**: Due to the sensitive nature of the data, external clients must make a specific request for access to the library. 

You can access the Wind Turbine Library by clicking the button labeled "Wind Turbine Library" found under "Eolyse Projects."

#### Using the Library

1. **Library List**: On entering the library, you are greeted by a list that represents the current state of the library.

2. **Searching**: Use the search bar to look for specific turbine models. Search works on keywords. Note that each wind turbine name is structured as follows:
Model Nominal_Power Serration Hub_Height Data_Sheet_Year_Of_Release

3. **Model Details**: Clicking on a model will reveal its details, such as the manufacturer, nominal power in MW, hub height, rotor diameter, sawtooth add-on status, domain, and the number of modes.
  
    - **Note**: The 'domain' could be public or private. Users can add their custom models, which will initially be set to private. However, you can request an administrator to make a private model public.

4. **Data Standardization**: All data in the library is standardized to a height wind speed of 10 m using a wind shear coefficient of 0.05 and an air density of 1.225 kg/m³.

5. **Rated Electric Power**: Below the general details, you can view and export tables showcasing the rated electrical power by operating mode vs. wind speed class, standardized to 10m.

6. **Global Acoustic Power**: Data visualizations of global acoustic power by operating mode across different wind speed classes are also available.

7. **Acoustic Power Spectrum**: The library also provides a data representation of the acoustic power spectrum for each operating mode, offering insights into the spectral distribution of noise generated. Spectrum data are gather on the 1/3 octave frequency band from 50Hz to 10 KHz.

#### Adding Custom Models

To add your own custom models, click the "+" button at the top right corner of the library page. A form will pop up to guide you through the process of creating a new custom model.  

1. Fill the proposed form:
    Enter the number of modes for the wind turbine plus 1. This additional mode should be designated as the "Stop" mode

2. Download the CSV Template: 
   Begin by downloading the CSV template provided by Eolyse. This template is specifically designed to match the expected data format and structure.

3. Fill in the Data: 
   Carefully enter your data into the downloaded template. Ensure that all entries are accurate and comply with the format guidelines.

4. Use a Point for Decimal Separation: 
   When inputting numerical values, particularly those with decimals, use a point (.) as the decimal separator. Avoid using a comma (,) for this purpose, as it may lead to data misinterpretation.

5. Save and Upload the File: 
   After entering all the necessary data, save the file. Then, upload this saved file back to the Eolyse platform. This process ensures compatibility and proper decoding of the data format by the system.


**Important Notes**:

- Stop Mode: The last mode should be the "Stop" mode. For this mode, set the production power and global acoustic level to zero, and set the spectral values to -13.8 dB.
- Mode Order: When entering multiple modes, it's preferable to list them from the most noisy to the least noisy.

#### Maintenance by Delhom Acoustique

The Wind Turbine Library is actively maintained by Delhom Acoustique. This enables us to be highly agile in updating and fixing data, as we have direct access to the database.

### Simulation Review

Creating and managing simulations are essential tasks within Eolyse. This section will guide you through the simulation creation and management process.

#### Creating the First Simulation

When a new project is created, the first task is to create a simulation:

1. **Navigate** to the top-left corner of the screen and click on the "Simulation" button.
2. Select "Create Simulation" from the dropdown.
3. **Important**: Please make sure to only use UTF-8 characters in the simulation name, as the system is sensitive to special characters.

#### Accessing Modeling

Once a simulation has been created, you'll be granted access to the modeling section for further project development.

#### Managing Simulations

1. **Renaming**: You can rename a simulation by selecting "Rename Simulation" from the "Simulation" dropdown menu.
  
2. **Duplicating**: To duplicate a simulation, choose "Duplicate Simulation" from the same menu. This feature allows you to duplicate only source points or receiver points, or both, providing a convenient way to test variables within a project.

3. **Deleting**: A simulation can be deleted by selecting the "Delete Simulation" option from the dropdown menu. 

4. **Retrieving IDs**: For debugging purposes, the IDs for both the project and the simulation can be retrieved by clicking on the "Information" button in the dropdown menu. 

5. **Overwriting Results**: Each simulation is designed to hold only one calculation result per application. As example : re-run a standard calculation in the same simulation, any previous results will be overwritten. To keep results of an application, create a new simulation.

6. **Simulation Creation Limitation**: For now, their is no limitation on the number of simulation an user can create in the same project.

### Modeling

The Modeling section is where you'll create point sources and receiver points. These points will be used for calculations in the different applications within Eolyse.

#### Adding a Point Source

1. Click the "Add Source" button.
2. A form will appear where you'll need to fill out the following fields:
    - **Point Name**: Unique identifier for the point.
    - **Color Group**: Color coding for the map display.
    - **Coordinates**: Localization in the WGS84 coordinate system.
    - **Model Source**: Choose a wind turbine model from the list. Custom models created in the library will also appear here.
3. **Important**: All fields must be filled in order to create the point.

#### Adding a Receiver Point

1. Click the "Add Receiver" button.
2. Similar to adding a source, a form will appear requiring:
    - **Point Name**
    - **Color Group**
    - **Coordinates in WGS84**

#### Bulk Import of Points

To speed up the process, points can be bulk-imported via CSV:
  
1. Select "Import Modeling Points" from the dropdown menu.
2. Follow the guided steps to create multiple points at once.

#### Managing Points

1. **Viewing Point Information**: After creation, point details can be accessed from an accordion menu. Note that point elevation (in meters) is automatically calculated using Google Maps Elevation API.
  
2. **Updating and Removing Points**: Points can be updated or removed as needed. However, note that the point name is non-editable post-creation as it's linked to the point ID.

3. **Exporting Points**: Point data can be exported to a CSV file by choosing "Export Modeling Points" from the "Simulation" dropdown menu.

#### Important Considerations

1. **Point IDs**: The name of a point is tied to its ID and cannot be modified after creation. If a name change is needed, you must create a new point.
  
2. **Reusability**: Points created in this section are used in all calculation applications within the simulation. To use a different configuration, you must create a new simulation.

### Noise Propagation Models

Eolyse currently operates on a specialized acoustic propagation model known as Acventum, developed by Delhom Acoustique.

#### Overview

Acventum is designed to simulate long-range acoustic propagation. It is inspired by the research that led to the development of MGCD and is adapted to serve as an engineering model, akin to ISO9613 and the Harmonoise "point-to-point" models developed by CSTB.

#### Acoustic Phenomena Considered

The model accounts for various forms of acoustic decay phenomena during sound propagation, including:

- Geometrical Divergence
- Atmospheric Attenuation
- Ground Effect
- Attenuation due to Topography
- Atmospheric Refraction affecting the curvature of sound rays

#### Distinctive Advantages

One of the unique advantages of using Acventum is its specific suitability for acoustic calculations within the wind energy sector. It facilitates the assessment of noise impacts for standard wind speed classes, ranging from 3 m/s to 12 m/s.

#### Validation

The model has undergone validation against the Harmonoise model under various conditions of sound propagation. It provides an accurate account of the curvature of sound rays, an important factor in long-distance acoustic propagation.

#### Further Information

For those interested in the technical details of the Acventum model, you may directly contact our Delhom Acoustique R&D department for more in-depth discussions.

#### Future Developments

We are planning to expand the range of models available for use in Eolyse. The objective is to include other well-known models like Harmonoise and ISO9613 for educational comparisons and broader analytical capabilities.

### Applications

#### Maps

The Maps application in Eolyse offers a straightforward way to visualize the spatial layout of your projects. Using mapping services provided by Mapbox API, it allows users to see the location of point sources and receivers on different types of map templates, such as Open Street Maps, Satellite, Light, and Dark.


##### Map Types
Choose from different map templates to suit your visual preferences and specific needs.

##### Full-Screen Mode
Expand the map view to full-screen for a more immersive experience.

##### Measurement Perimeter
The application provides a measurement perimeter around point sources, in compliance with French regulation standards. This feature offers a visual guide to better understand the regulatory constraints on your wind farm.

##### 500m Boundaries
In line with French regulations, Maps also marks a 500m boundary around each point source and receiver. This helps users to quickly visualize any restrictions applicable due to these regulations.

##### Marker Name Toggle
Easily toggle the visibility of marker names directly on the map. This feature can be particularly useful for simplifying complex maps with many points.


#### Standard

The **Standard** (or **STD**) application is designed to provide users with a quick overview of the noise impact at specified receiver points due to wind turbines operating under standard modes. In addition to assessing noise impacts, the Standard application also generates a curtailment plan utilizing a Genetic Algorithm (GA).

##### Accessing Standard
Navigate to the **Standard** tab to access this application.

##### Subtabs
All applications in Eolyse maintain a consistent structure of subtabs:
1. **Console**: Here, you can select input parameters, run calculations, export results, and monitor the calculation process through a dedicated terminal view.
2. **Noise Impact View**: This tab houses data visualizations related to noise impact results.
3. **Curtailment View**: This tab offers visual insights into the curtailment plans generated by the application.

##### Console Functions
- **Calculation History**: Keeps a record of the last calculations performed, aiding in tracking the user's past work.

##### Input Parameters
- **Day and Night Periods**: You can set meteorological conditions like temperature and humidity, which affect sound propagation, particularly atmospheric attenuation.
  
- **Topography Toggle**: Enables automatic calculation of topographical screening along the source-receiver path using Maekawa's equation. Default resolution is 20 meters but can be adjusted.

- **Wind Direction**: Allows for multiple wind directions to be considered, divided into 16 sectors.

- **Background Noise**: Input background noise data for each receiver using the downloadable CSV template.

- **Compliance Thresholds**: Modify noise compliance thresholds for ambient noise and noise impact, customizable for each receiver.

##### Running the Calculation
To initiate the calculation, press the **Run** button. The backend server processes the data and returns the results. The user can follow the calculation step-by-step through the terminal located under the Run button.

##### Exporting Results
Once calculations are complete, results can be exported in three formats:
- **RAW CSV**: Detailed but not user-friendly.
- **XLS (Formated:Verbose)**: Formatted Excel table by Delhom Acoustique, offering a comprehensive view.
- **XLS (Formated:Compliant)**: Another Excel table by Delhom Acoustique, but only displays impact noise above the ambient noise threshold.

##### Noise Impact View Sub-Tab

This sub-tab features detailed data visualizations of noise impact results for each receiver.

###### Dashboard Settings
- **Select Receiver, Wind Direction, and Period**: Allows users to filter results based on these parameters.
- **Toggle Curtailment**: View the noise impact differences between normal operating modes and curtailment scenarios.
- **Display by Source**: Allows users to delve deeper into the noise impact by viewing source-specific data.


###### Figures
- **Sound Pressure Level Figure**: Plots Sound Pressure Level in dB(A) against standardized wind speed classes at 10m height. The graph displays the ambient noise, background noise, and induced noise levels.

###### Table
- **Result Table**: The table mirrors the information presented in the figures and includes additional columns for noise impact and compliance according to thresholds set in the console. 
- **Export Function**: The table data can be exported directly to CSV using the export button located at the top-left corner of the table.

##### Curtailment View Sub-Tab

This sub-tab provides insights into the curtailment plans calculated by the genetic algorithm for noise reduction.

###### Dashboard Settings
- **Select Wind Direction and Period**: Allows users to filter the curtailment plans based on these specific conditions.
- **Rated Electrical Power**: Users can view the rated electrical power for the selected curtailment scenarios.


###### Figures
- **Curtailment Comparison Figure**: Plots the difference in rated electrical power between normal operating modes and curtailment scenarios across various wind speed classes.

###### Table
- **Curtailment Plan Table**: Displays the specific curtailment plans as determined by the genetic algorithm, helping users to understand how curtailment would affect noise levels at different operating conditions.


#### Wind direction analysis

This application is built with a structure similar to the "Standard" application and includes the sub-tabs: Console, Noise Impact View, and Curtailment View. The main objective of this application is to analyze the noise impact across 16 different wind sectors.

##### Console Sub-Tab

- **Period Input**: Allows setting meteorological conditions for "Day" and "Night" periods (same as in the Standard application).
- **Topography**: Enables/disables the topographic screen detection (same as in the Standard application).
- **Background Noise**: Unlike the Standard application, here users provide only generic background noise data, not specific to any wind direction.

**Running the Calculation**: Click the 'Run' button to initiate calculations. Monitor the calculation process using the terminal view. Results can be exported in RAW CSV or Delhom Acoustique-formatted XLS.

##### Noise Impact View Sub-Tab

- **Select Receiver**: Allows you to focus on noise impacts at specific receiver locations.
- **Type of Noise**: Choose between Induced Noise, Ambient Noise, and Impact Noise.
- **Toggle Curtailment**: Compare impacts under normal operating conditions and curtailment scenarios.

- **Polar Chart**: This visualization allows users to view the noise impact across different wind sectors for specific receivers, making it easier to pinpoint the most impactful sectors.

##### Curtailment View Sub-Tab

- **Select Wind Direction and Period**: Allows users to filter the curtailment plans based on these specific conditions.
- **Rate of Electrical Power**: This polar chart displays the optimal rate of electrical power for each wind sector, helping to identify sectors where curtailment results in significant loss of electrical production.
- **Visualization Types**: Offers two types of visualization – comparison between curtailment and normal operating modes, and ratio.
- **Genetic Algorithm Output**: For specific wind sectors, the table displays the curtailment plans determined by the genetic algorithm. These can be exported for further analysis.

#### Sensitivity

The Sensitivity application within the Eolyse workspace is specifically designed to explore the impact of a wind farm under hypothetical variations in background noise levels. It serves as a vital tool for engineers to assess how these variations influence the overall acoustic impact and electrical production of the wind farm.

##### Key Features

- **Recursive Calculation**: This feature performs calculations by varying the background noise at each receiver within a range from -5 dB(A) to +5 dB(A). This allows for a comprehensive understanding of how slight changes in background noise can influence the overall noise impact of the wind farm.

- **Optimal Curtailment Plan**: The model calculates the noise impact at each receiver and determines an optimal curtailment plan based on the varied background noise levels.

- **Electrical Production Metrics**: The global electrical production in MW is displayed according to standard wind speed classes and background noise steps, offering a fuller picture of how noise sensitivity can affect energy production.

##### Benefits

This application is an indispensable resource for engineers aiming to understand the sensitivity of a wind farm to changes in background noise. It facilitates data-driven decision-making processes to minimize noise impact while maximizing energy production.

#### Risk
The Risk application, within the Eolyse workspace is engineered to evaluate the risk of non-compliance of a wind farm project with noise regulations. It employs the Acventum calculation model for its analysis.

##### Key Features

- **Ambient Noise Deviation**: The application calculates the deviations between the ambient noise and regulatory thresholds for each homogeneous class. When the ambient noise value exceeds 35 dB(A), that specific homogeneous class is excluded from the analysis.

- **Impact Noise Deviation**: It also calculates the impact noise deviations from regulatory thresholds for each homogeneous class. When the impact noise value is below the regulatory threshold (5 dB(A) during the day; 3 dB(A) at night), the homogeneous class is ignored.

- **Risk Factors Calculation**: The risk factors for each remaining homogeneous class are computed based on the equation:
  
    ```
    R(i) = exp(1 / d_amb(i)) + d_impact(i)
    ```
  
##### Benefits

This application offers engineers a quantitative analysis of the non-compliance risk for a wind farm project concerning noise regulations. It enables data-driven decision-making to ensure compliance and minimize the risk of non-compliance.

#### Chronology

The Chronology application in the Eolyse workspace is built on the Acventum-timeseries model. It enables calculations based on a time-series data set, facilitating a more detailed analysis of the noise impact of a wind farm over time.

##### Key Features

- **Inputs**: The model takes into account wind speed, wind direction, temperature, relative humidity, residual noise (or ambient noise) at each receiver, and the operating modes of each wind turbine. A sample data set can be downloaded for this purpose. The user can also set the time interval for analysis; it is recommended to keep the time interval constant.

- **Operating Modes**: The operating modes for wind turbines expect integer values ranging from 0 for the first operating mode N + 1. The weakest Mode should be the mode N. The Mode N + 1 should be the mode Stop. 
Dates should be entered in the format DD/MM/YY HH:MM.

- **Time-series Analysis**: The application calculates the noise impact for each time interval at each receiver. Results are displayed in a noise timeline chart, helping engineers better understand the noise impact according to the time of day or week and identify noise impact patterns.

- **Direct and Inverse Methode**:
  
  - **Direct Methode**: The input data set considers residual noise; impacts are calculated, and ambient noises are derived.
  
  - **Inverse Methode**: The input data set considers ambient noise; impacts are calculated, and residual noises are derived. Special cases where the calculated induced noise level is higher than the measured ambient noise may occur. In these cases, the model assumes a residual noise 10 dB(A) lower than the ambient noise.

##### Benefits

This application aids engineers in studying the temporal evolution of the noise impact of a wind farm and making data-driven decisions to minimize noise impact.

#### Mesh

The Mesh application within the Eolyse workspace is designed to enable cartographic noise impact mapping for wind farms.

##### Key Features

- **Grid Creation**: Users can create a grid of points where the wind farm's noise impact will be calculated. The grid or mesh is limited to 40,000 points and is centered by default on the centroid of the wind farm's layout.

- **Mesh Configuration**: Users can adjust the length of the square mesh and its resolution through the parameters "Mesh Length on X-axis" and "Resolution" in the Mesh parameter panel.

- **Wind Direction & Period**: Users can select one wind direction. While topography is currently not available (work in progress), two types of periods—day and night—can be configured.

- **Computation Time**: The duration of the calculation depends on both the number of sources and the size of the mesh.

##### Result Visualization

- **Mapbox Integration**: The 'Result' sub-tab provides a Mapbox-based map that displays the noise impact on a color scale ranging from 0 to 100 dB(A), in steps of 5 dB(A).

- **Wind Speed Classes**: Calculations are run for standardized wind classes between 8 and 12 m/s.

- **Full Screen Mode**: A full-screen mode is available, and users can easily take screenshots of the results for inclusion in reports using the Plotly Express screenshot tool located at the top left of the figure.

##### Upcoming Features

- **Topography**: Support for topographical data is in the pipeline and will be added soon.

##### Benefits

The Mesh application provides a robust tool for mapping the noise impact of wind farms, aiding in data-driven decision-making and reporting.

## Acmonitor Connect

### Introduction to Acmonitor Connect

Acmonitor Connect is a dedicated workspace focused on acoustic measurements and their subsequent analysis. Initially developed as an IoT (Internet of Things) platform, it displayed real-time acoustic measurements from connected devices. The workspace has since evolved to facilitate advanced analysis calculations, not just on data from IoT devices received through MQTT, but also on datasets uploaded by the user.

### Device Data

In this application, users can request and view real-time measurements from connected acoustic monitoring systems. This functionality is essential for those who need immediate and live data to make informed decisions on-the-spot.
The Device Data application allows users to request real-time measurements from connected acoustic monitoring systems.   

Below is a step-by-step guide on how to use this feature:

1. **Select a Device**: Click the orange "Select device" button located at the top left corner of the page to choose the device you want to query.

2. **Choose a Time-zone**: As all data are stored in UTC, users must select their time-zone to convert the request date and time. Currently, only UTC, UTC+1, and UTC+2 are available options for conversion.

3. **Select Date and Time Range**: Choose the start date and time as well as the end date and time, factoring in your chosen time-zone.

4. **Pick an Acoustic Parameter**: Our monitoring stations can measure multiple parameters. Users need to select the specific parameter they are interested in viewing. Note that the availability of certain parameters depends on the station's configuration, but LAeq is always an available option.

5. **Run the Request**: Upon completing the previous steps, run the request. If data can be located, a time-series graph should appear on the screen.

6. **Download Data**: Users have the option to download the displayed data by clicking on the "Download" button. The data will be downloaded as a CSV file.

7. **View Battery Data**: Navigate to another tab within the application to check the battery status of the selected monitoring station.

8. **Erase and Restart**: To initiate a new data request, the existing graph must be erased. Navigate back to the main screen and start a new query following steps 1 to 7.

By following these steps, users can effectively query, view, and download real-time acoustic data from connected monitoring systems.

### Wind Farm Analysis

The Wind Farm Analysis application is designed to offer comprehensive analysis based on acoustic and meteorological measurements. It allows users to conduct in-depth studies on wind farm noise impacts, utilizing either real-time data or historical datasets. The application is divided into two primary views:

#### Dataset view

This view offers data visualizations based on the datasets selected for analysis.

Data Sources: A dataset is composed of two sources: the acoustic source and the meteorological source.
- Acoustic Source: Provided by Acmonitor stations, which gather acoustic data and store them in our cloud as IoT devices. These are directly accessible within the platform.
- Meteorological Source: Provided by the user in the form of a CSV file through the Upload Data section. The file should contain time series data on wind velocity, wind direction, temperature, humidity, and wind farm operating modes.

Creating a New Analysis: By clicking the "Analysis" button, users can select their two data sources for analysis. Data sources can later be updated using the "Data Source" button.

Filters: The "Filter" button allows users to refine the dataset based on specific criteria such as time period, acoustic levels, wind velocity, wind direction, and rain.

#### Analysis View
Calculations: This view initiates the calculations based on the French standard analysis described in the acoustic measurement protocol of June 2023.

Results: Users can access visualizations and compliance results related to the measurements.

### Upload Data

The Upload Data application is a utility tool designed to enable users to upload their acoustic and meteorological datasets. These datasets can then be used for analysis in the 'Wind Farm Analysis' application, providing a seamless and integrated experience. The Upload Data application has recently been updated with several new features:

- Data Archiving: Users can archive their upload data by downloading template files. This makes it easier to maintain and manage multiple datasets.

- Wind Data Standardization: During the upload process, users have the option to indicate whether their wind data is already standardized. If Yes: No additional action is needed. If No: Users can provide the height of the measurement point, and the code will automatically standardize the data for the user.

- Cloud Storage: All uploaded datasets are securely stored on the cloud and are accessible to the user.

- Data Management: Users can manage their stored datasets directly within the Upload Data application. This includes the ability to remove datasets if they are no longer needed.
